Quick start to RsgEdit
---------------------

1. Start rsgedit You should see a small splash screen and then the
main application window.  On the left half are some diagnostic
windows. They show the scene graph in the lower half and properties of
current node in the top half. On the right half of the screen is the
embedded OpenGL window that shows the simulation.

2. Open a simulation- choose File|Open in the menu or use the folder
icon. Rsgedit uses small ruby start up scripts to setup a
simulation. To start the soccer simulation choose 'soccersim.rb'. The
first script that you choose becomes the simulation start up script.

3. Running a simulation. The simulation is in either one of two states
'paused' or 'running'. Immediately after opening a simulation it is
paused. You can start the simulation by choosing 'simulation|start' from
the menu or clicking on the start icon ( |> ) You can later pause a
simulation by choosing 'simulation|pause' from the menu or clicking the
pause icon ( || ).

4. Resetting a simulation. If the simulation is currently paused it is
possible to reset it, i.e. put it back to the state it was immediately
after opening the simulation. To to this choose File|Reload from the
menu or press the reload icon. 

Starting an agent
-----------------

1. Open and unpause the soccer simulation as described above.

2. Start the soccer agent. Choose 'File|Start Agent' from the menu or
press the agent icon. Choose the agent executable.

4. The executable file is opened and immediately started. The output
of the agent is shown in a separate window. You should now see the
humanoid appearing on the field.

5. Stopping/Restarting the agent. You can stop, i.e. kill the agent
process by pressing the stop icon in the agent log window. You can
restart the agent again with the play icon in the agent window.

RsgEdit concepts
----------------

- Editor tab: You can open multiple files in rsgedit. Each file is put
in a separate tab. 

- Start script: Each simulation is associated with a single start up
script that constructs the simulation. The current start scripts is
marked with a 'play' icon (a small triangle '|>'). You can change the
current start script by choosing 'Set as start script' in the context
menu of the tab (right click on the tab label).

- Scene/Object Tree: The internal object tree that is part of
zeitgeist is shown at the lower left part. The visible scene is found
at '/usr/scene'.

- Property window: The properties of the currently selected node in
the object tree are shown in a window above the tree. Show can show
the properties of multiple nodes by selecting 'Properties' in the
context menu of a node This will open the properties in a separate
window.

- Node picking: If you double click on an object in the OpenGL window
rsgedit will select the corresponding node in the object tree and will
highlight the selected object. If you right click on a selected object
in the OpenGL window it will show the corresponding context menu from
the object tree.

- Source navigation: RsgEdit keeps track which script created an
object. If you choose 'View Source File' in the context menu of any
node it will open the corresponding script in an editor tab.
